Additional considerations in Production (#4422)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Setup/Upgrading/version-specific.md

    - `/umbraco/config/lang`
    - `/umbraco/config/appsettings-schema.json`

11. If using Umbraco Forms, update your files and folders according to the [Upgrading - version specific](../../../Add-ons/UmbracoForms/Installation/Version-Specific.md) for version 10 article.

> 12. Re-start your site in IIS, build and run your project to finish the installation of Umbraco 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Restart your site in IIS, build and run your project to finish the installation of Umbraco 10.
```

"$schema": "./appsettings-schema.json",
```

:::note
To upgrade to Umbraco 10, your database needs to be at least on Umbraco 8.18.
:::

### Upgrade of any publicly hosted environment

When the upgrade is completed and tested, and prior to deploying to any publicly accessible environment, you should consider the following:

> 1. You will want to ensure you have backups for both the datbaase and the file system for rollback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure you have backups for both the database and the file system.
```

> 2. You should stop the site so it is not accessable during the upgrade process.
> 3. You should delete the relevant folders from the filesystem prior to deploying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Stop the site so it is not accessible during the upgrade process.
3. Delete the relevant folders from the filesystem prior to deploying.
```

  - `/wwwroot/umbraco`
  - `/umbraco/PartialViewMacros`
  - `/umbraco/UmbracoBackOffice`
  - `/umbraco/UmbracoInstall`
  - `/umbraco/UmbracoWebsite`
  - `/umbraco/config/lang`
  - `/umbraco/config/appsettings-schema.json`
4. Deploy the site how you normally would to your public facing environment 
5. Start the site. At this point it will launch and upgrade the database, after which the site should become accessible and your upgrade is complete. 

> 6. Remember to check the logs for any errors which may have occurred during the upgrade process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Check the logs for any errors which may have occurred during the upgrade process. 
```

> :::

Reviewer: This `:::` is closing a note. But I don't see it started anywhere? 🤔 

Did you mean to put this part in a note/tip, or should these three colons be taken out?
